#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass classicthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding default
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis investigates a novel and natural generalization of the theory
 of maximum likelihood estimation over discretely observed data from continuous-
time stochastic processes.
 We propose a Kullback-Liebler divergence minimizing estimator for inference
 when given distributional data i.e.
 when given the distribution of, as opposed to observations of, a diffusion
 process at discrete points in time.
 Examples of such data include the probabilistic forecasts frequently made
 in macroeconomics or meteorology; to the best of our knowledge, we are
 the first to propose inferential techniques on stochastic processes when
 given data of this sort.
 We characterize the proposed estimator and develop a Monte Carlo expectation-ma
ximization algorithm which converges to the associated estimate.
 We also develop the first approximate and exact samplers for a class of
 generalized diffusion bridges.
 These samplers are not only of independent interest, but also necessary
 for implementing the simulation-based expectation-maximization algorithm.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Empirically, we confirm the correctness of the proposed methods through
 simulation and demonstrate their robustness to various assumptions made
 in their derivation.
 Then, we synthesize the methods developed in this thesis to propose a generaliz
ed bridge-based imputation scheme for probabilistic forecasts, and apply
 this scheme to forecasts of inflation expectations.
 We show that generalized bridge-based imputation produces practically meaningfu
l and statistically significant reductions in out-of-sample Kullback-Liebler
 divergence from the true distribution of forecasts relative to a linear
 interpolation scheme.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
