#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass classicthesis
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{algorithm,algpseudocode}
\newref{prop}{name=Proposition~,Name=Proposition~}
\newref{prob}{name=Problem~,Name=Problem~}
\newref{thm}{name=Theorem~,Name=Theorem~}
\newref{chap}{name=Chapter~,Name=Chapter~}
\newref{part}{name=Part~,Name=Part~}
\newref{tab}{name=Table~,Name=Table~}
\newref{algo}{name=Algorithm~,Name=Algorithm~}
\newref{chap}{name=Chapter~,Name=Chapter~}
\newref{lem}{name=Lemma~,Name=Lemma~}
\newref{fig}{name=Figure~,Name=Figure~}
\newref{rem}{name=Remark~,Name=Remark~}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage[labelfont=bf]{caption}
\makeatletter
\renewcommand*{\thetable}{\arabic{chapter}.\arabic{table}}
\renewcommand*{\thefigure}{\arabic{chapter}.\arabic{figure}}
\let\c@table\c@figure
\makeatother 
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
theorems-chap
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding default
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 1
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusions
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chap:7"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We end this thesis by briefly reviewing the contributions made and suggesting
 future directions for research.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis considers the novel (to the best of our knowledge) problem of
 statistical inference when given the distribution, instead of particular
 observations, of a stochastic process at discrete points in time.
 This is a generalization of the classical problem of inference on discrete
 observations that has been well-studied in the literature.
 We develop inference strategies when given distributional data and the
 first samplers for a particular class of generalized bridges.
 Simulations and empirical studies demonstrate the correctness of the methods
 described and their broad applicability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Future directions for research abound, especially given the novel nature
 of the central problem in this thesis.
 We highlight some potential lines of exploration here.
 Most pressingly, a formal investigation into the properties of the imputation
 scheme proposed in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand formatted
reference "chap:6"

\end_inset

 is needed to justify its use.
 It seems intuitive that a model which minimizes its K-L divergence from
 a true but unknown model, conditioned on the available distributional data
 from the true model, is our best guess at the underlying truth; however,
 no attempt is made in this thesis to formalize this thought.
 Since we imagine most applications of the methods presented in this paper
 will involve distributional data and a stochastic model specified only
 up to its parameters, rigorously justifying the proposed imputation scheme
 is of utmost importance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Of equal urgency is a rigorous characterization of the properties of the
 MKLDE in the context of distributional data.
 This would complement the mathematical remarks made in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand formatted
reference "chap:EM"

\end_inset

 and set the results of this thesis on firmer theoretical ground.
 Such characterizations ought to come fairly easily from existing results,
 given the close links between MKLDE and MLE.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A third potential avenue of research comes from the simulation results presented
 in 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand formatted
reference "chap:5"

\end_inset

, showing that the generalized bridge samplers appeared to be empirically
 robust against the relaxation of a variety of assumptions in their derivation.
 We conjecture based on simulations for Wiener bridges that in particular,
 the restriction of diffusions to those with finite speed measure considered
 in this thesis is overly strict.
 A sampler (potentially more 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

approximate
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, in some sense, than the sampler proposed here) for more general diffusions
 is not too far from reach.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Empirically, an area ripe for an application of the methods proposed in
 this thesis is the modeling of asset prices based on distributional data
 from options markets: Having access to the market-determined distribution
 of prices at arbitrary horizons would be incredibly valuable for practitioners
 and academics alike.
 Notwithstanding the various trading strategies that could immediately result,
 evaluating the efficiency of options markets in pricing the distributional
 features of asset prices over time would be a particular area of academic
 interest.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
